Create Quickstart Guide (#71)
VolueSpark/spark-docs: docs/energy-coordination/Quickstart.mdx

# Energy Coordination API Quickstart

## Introduction

This guide will help you get started with the Energy Coordination API. It will walk you through the process of authenticating with the API, registering a user and some resources, subscribing to events, and sending a report.

### Postman

> We have a Postman Collection with all the endpoints from the API, as well as a folder that follows along with this guide. You can [download the Postman Collection here](link).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We have a Postman Collection with all the endpoints from the API, as well as a folder that follows along with this guide. You can [download the Postman Collection here](https://docs.voluespark.com/postman/EnergyCoordinationAPI.json).
```

### Authentication

We use OAuth2 for authentication. If don't have a client ID and secret, you can create those in the [Spark Portal](https://voluespark.com).
Get an access token by sending a POST request to `https://auth.identity.volue.com/connect/token` as follows:

```bash
curl --location 'https://auth.identity.volue.com/connect/token' \
--header 'Content-Type: application/x-www-form-urlencoded' \
--data-urlencode 'grant_type=client_credentials' \
--data-urlencode 'client_id=<your_client_id>' \
--data-urlencode 'client_secret=<your_client_secret>'
```

Then you can use the access token to authenticate with the API by sending it in the `Authorization` header in subsequent requests to the Energy Coordination API:

```bash
Authorization: Bearer <access_token>
```

> The token is valid for 30 minutes so you will need to refresh it periodically.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The token is valid for 60 minutes so you will need to refresh it periodically.
```
